The Joe Rogan experience. There.
Seems to be a lot of discussion now about police brutality,
but there's not a lot of discussion about the psychological
troubles and that the really the difficult path of being a police
officer and appreciation for the people that have to do that job.
Um, all this defunding,
the police talk scares the out of me because I see what's going on right
now in New York city. And it's a shooting gallery. It's crazy.
And the reason why is because the police officers have no trust in the mayor,
they want to quit. They don't feel like they get any respect.
They feel like they,
they have all been lumped in with this one murderous cop from Minneapolis right
now they're all bad cops and there's a license to call them bad. Cops scream,
terrible things out. Then when they've done nothing wrong, when they're,
they're just there to protect and serve. A lot of them are good people,
the vast majority.
So when you're seeing this giant uptick in murders in New York,
see city in giant uptick in shootings,
and then you still have that of a mayor calling for the defunding of the police.
Like my God, like what did I know?
So much of the things they say are just political because they just want to
appeal to their base.
And there's so many people out there that have this very narrow minded
perspective. They just have blinders on.
And their idea it's like racial justice, social justice defund the police.
He said like this mantra that they have to say with no depth to it,
they don't understand the consequences of saying such a thing or implementing
such a thing.
Now we're seeing a call for police action because
there's a lot of people. There's a lot of community groups,
a lot of people that are community leaders that are in these communities that
are just experiencing unprecedented gun violence and crime.
And now they're saying we got to do something about this.
So they're trying to reinstate some of these policies that they had pulled
before. I am hoping that through this,
what we had talked about with training and with funding the police
more, instead of defunding the police, train them better, fund them more. We,
you obviously need police.
This idea that you don't need police where a criminal just going to go away,
like is crime going to go away? We have a problem.
We have an enormous number of people. And out of that enormous number of people,
there is a certain percentage of them that will victimize other people.
They will steal. They will kill. They will. And if they don't get caught,
then you develop a culture of crime.
And then you develop a thing where you, you, you,
you basically have what's going on in Mexico where the cartels have more power
than the police, which is a terrible situation.
If you have that in individual locations, like in New York city,
if all of a sudden this criminal gangs, these,
these criminal gangs develop more gun power, more, more supportive,
the community, they have more people than police officers.
You've got a giant problem.
And the actual peaceful citizens are the ones that are going to be in trouble.
And all those people that are out there protesting that think they're immune
from it because they're the ones saying defund the police, Hey man,
they'll Rob you too. They'll shoot you too.
Like you don't understand humans and you don't understand violence.
And so this utopian world that they're trying to push, like defund the police,
we're just going to, we're going to refund.
We're going to put that money into the community and everything's going to be
fine. And it's not going to be fine. You need to fund the police more.
You need to train the police better. We need more oversight.
And we need to recognize that this is a time where everybody's got to come
together on this and we've got to figure out what's wrong. Fix what's wrong.
Recognized. There's some problems, but you can't blame all cops.
And you can't say defund the police. Cause that's nonsense that this, that is a,
a silly, like a version of life that doesn't,
it's not real. Yeah. You need good cops, better cops.
Are you saying we need to get rid of bad cops? Yes, definitely.
I think everybody agrees with that. How do you do that?
That's where the question starts, right? And training.
The more like this idea that you can't spend 20% of the time training them.
Well, if you did spend 20% of the time training them,
and there was a lot less crime because of it.
And the interactions with people were much better.
Wouldn't that just be overall better? Is that an impossible task? I mean,
how much money goes into the police department?
You tell them you can't add 20% to that and train the more I bet you can.
I bet you could find it financially beneficial. I would see overall,
if you could reduce crime that way and reduce the animosity between citizens and
the police, wouldn't it be better for everybody? It would.
And I agree. I agree with, with you. I mean, on the defunding thing, you know,
I think, and you've had other people say this too, and you know this,
I'm not saying anything amazing here that like,
it means different things to different people.
And I wholeheartedly agree the folks who think defunding means like,
just get rid of them like that, that that's silly.
What's your plan B what do you do? They really mean that I don't,
I don't understand what happens next and I haven't heard anybody articulate.
So then what, and again.
No one has a, then what? Those are.
The emails I get that talk. The headlines.
I saw one yesterday or the day before that in Minneapolis.
Now there are groups of citizens banding together, armed citizens,
banding together to patrol the streets for crime. And I thought, oh my God,
oh boy,
that's a show waiting to happen because then you're going to have community
members shooting people. And then they're charged. It's.
Charged with murder. It's a fourth, just.
A horrific thought. And I can't quite imagine like that.
So I completely understand that the anger and the
frustration, because you're right, we don't need bad cops.
There's nothing worse than the end of the person you call to protect you.
And to help you when you're in an emergency doing the wrong thing and doing
harm, right. You know, that we, we don't need or want that.
And I wholeheartedly agree that more training and the right type of training
and, and spending that time,
because I also think that the training gives you access to see where people are
and if they're on a good path or if they are that problematic person.
What kind of character they have to, if you test them during this training.
So if we're still, if.
We're seeing them on a regular basis and pulling them out and giving them the
tools that they need, then, then absolutely.
I think that is an exceptional thing to do. That was part of what your,
your podcasts with Jocko just blew me away with, you know,
the way you talked about, you know, and the other thing that,
that sort of has gotten lost is this whole idea of, you know,
the interaction with the community, with community oriented policing. Um,
you know, and it's,
it's exactly what Jocko was talking about when he was talking about being
overseas. And I think he was talking about Patraeus and the order of, you know,
you don't just roll up in your tank and cruise through you,
stop and you talk and you humanize yourself and you engage with these, you know,
with the folks here. Um, and you let them know that you're,
you're here to protect and to serve, and you connect with them.
And that helps both the community citizens and the soldiers.
That's the same thing that we're wanting here at home in this country, that,
that your police are supposed to be your supporters and your resources and the
people that you trust and are connected to.
And that is what community oriented policing is. It's not a new idea.
It's been around for decades,
but we somehow still don't have that going on. Now. It's still,
well, what seems like everything in society is now it's us versus them.
You know, it's the police versus the community.
Instead of we are a community together and we need to work with each other
to, you know, to,
to keep this place safe and to understand what the biggest problems are,
what are the citizens concerns? And it isn't easy to do.
It's not an easy thing to do, but it works.
Yeah. Um,
I go to a tactical range where they teach you how to shoot
handguns. And, uh, the guy who teaches me was telling me,
you would be stunned at how inept,
some of these cops are the come here. He goes,
they literally barely know how to shoot a gun.
And I wouldn't believe him,
except I've seen so many cops that are so fat and so
sloppy. And I'm like, how are you going to defend yourself?
Like the idea of you serving and protecting like, dude,
if someone throws you on the ground, you're not even getting up. Like,
how does that happen?
How do they now have standards for like being able to shoot a
gun, knowing how to handle it properly, being accurate,
being consistent with your training and also physical fitness.
Like that's the job of a police officer is dealing occasionally with violent
criminals. When you have no capacity to defend yourself,
how are you able to help people.